Computer science is broken up into basically two different forms. The
first one is computer science itself, which is everything that's associated
with the laptop that's in front of you. That includes the theory
that's behind it, the abstractions that are associated with thinking
about the way that you know, computers should work. That involves
the electronics that are behind it, you open up the computer and
you can see the mother board, you can see the resistors, you can see
the current that's traveling through it. So that's the hardware portion,
that's the thing that's on the screen that deals with web design
that deals with the way that the colors look, also graphics. That's
how the light comes from the computer and hits your eyes. There's
the user experience part which is when you have buttons all over the
screen, and maybe this button shouldn't be like here, maybe people
want it bigger or smaller, maybe they want it on the other side screen.
Maybe they think that it's boring, but if you change it in a certain
way so that it's more fun. So that's, all of that combined is
computer science. But what most people think about when they think
of computer science is actually the coding part. Coding is what happens
when you have your laptop open, you open up a program and you start
pushing buttons on your computer screen to write lines of code so
that when you compile it, you press play, it does something for you.
So for instance you can make a game, you compile the game and all
of a sudden you can play the game. Or you can make, you can start coding
and then when you press play, you have Microsoft Word based on
the code that you wrote. So that's what most people think about when
they think of computer science, they think of the program that's associated
with it, but computer science is a very broad range.